# pyrouge-AND-rouge-Configure

Teach you how to evaluate text summary ROUGE on Windows system!
Rouge is the most important evaluation method in the field of NLP text summarization. Rouge is inspired by machine translation evaluation method BLEU. The difference is that recall rate is used as an index. This paper introduces how to configure Rouge in windows system.
  
  Step1:

First, download Strawberry Perl, select the newer version, install it under D:\, find and run CPAN Client in perl, open cmd, enter 'install XML:: DOM', and then test Rouge 1.5.5.pl and runRouge-test.pl in Rouge path. The results are as follows:

   (https://img-blog.csdn.net/20170505111122201?watermark/2/text/aHR0cDovL2Jsb2cuY3Nkbi5uZXQvdTAxNDU5NTU4OQ==/font/5a6L5L2T/fontsize/400/fill/I0JBQkFCMA==/dissolve/70/gravity/Center)
   (https://img-blog.csdn.net/20170505111140295?watermark/2/text/aHR0cDovL2Jsb2cuY3Nkbi5uZXQvdTAxNDU5NTU4OQ==/font/5a6L5L2T/fontsize/400/fill/I0JBQkFCMA==/dissolve/70/gravity/Center)
  
  Step2:

Configure the environment variable of rouge, add a path to the PATH, one to rouge RELEASE-1.5.5, and one to rouge RELEASE-1.5.5 data. If unsuccessful,here provides another way to edit the text document, run ROUGE-test.pl, and change the $ROUGE variable from ../ ROUGE-1.5.5.pl to ROUGE-1.5.5.pl, so that it can run successfully and run again with the following results:

(https://img-blog.csdn.net/20170505111626327?watermark/2/text/aHR0cDovL2Jsb2cuY3Nkbi5uZXQvdTAxNDU5NTU4OQ==/font/5a6L5L2T/fontsize/400/fill/I0JBQkFCMA==/dissolve/70/gravity/Center)

If you see Rouge output information in rougerelease-1.5.5sample-output, this indicates that the rouge configuration is successful.
 
  Step3:

Pyrouge is just a plug-in for Python to call ROUGE-1.5.5, so you need to tell pyrouge where the file to call is. Open your Python and use 'pip install pyrouge'. Once the installation is successful, set the path of ROUGE-1.5.5 in pyrouge. Install using the pyrouge_set_rouge_path file provided by pyrouge:

(https://img-blog.csdn.net/20170619215639131?watermark/2/text/aHR0cDovL2Jsb2cuY3Nkbi5uZXQvTWVycnlDYW8=/font/5a6L5L2T/fontsize/400/fill/I0JBQkFCMA==/dissolve/70/gravity/SouthEast)

Input command'python pyrouge_set_rouge_path The path to store ROUGE-1.5.5 in your computer' 

  Step4:

At this time, the basic configuration is completed. The summarization and reference summarization generated by our model are extracted and evaluated using the pyrouge_test.py file provided by us.
